Magento EQP Documentation update. (#8112)
magento/devdocs: src/marketplace/sellers/malware-scan.md

---
group: marketplace-sellers
title: Malware Scan
---

## Overview

> Malware Scan checks that provided extension and all media files and documents do not contain any malicious code or links.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Malware Scan checks that the provided extension and all media files and documents do not contain any malicious code or links.
```

> ## Why we test?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What testing is for
```

> Security is one of the top concerns for Magento. And we would like to provide same level of certainty for 3rd party extensions distributed at [Magento Marketplace](https://marketplace.magento.com/) as we have for Magento core components.

Reviewer: Please rewrite to remove instances of 'we'

> ## When we test?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## When testing is done
```

> All uploaded files including package with submitted extension and all associated media files and documents are scanned before all other checks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All uploaded files, including the submitted extension and all associated media files and documents are scanned before all other checks.
```

> If Malware Scan is not passed submission will not be taken for further verification and validation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the Malware Scan is not passed, submission will not be taken for further verification and validation.
```

> ## What we are looking for?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What is being checked
```

> We check all files for:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All files are checked for :
```

1. Signatures of known viruses and malware software.

> 1. Links to sites with with harassment content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Links to sites with harassment content.
```

> ## What tools and environment we are using?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Tools and environments used
```

> To perform Malware Scan we use several tools:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To perform the Malware Scan several tools are used :
```

1. General purpose antivirus with automatically updated virus database.

> 1. [Yara](https://github.com/virustotal/yara) with set of Magento-specific rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Yara](https://github.com/virustotal/yara) with a set of Magento specific rules.
```

> ## How read an error report?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Reading the error report
```

> Magento Developer Portal will notify user about detected malware software or malicious link during files uploading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Magento Developer Portal will notify the user about detected malware software or malicious links during file upload.
```

> If you receive such method please check integrity of submitted extension source code and scan environment where package was generated with an antivirus.

Reviewer: Please rewrite this sentence as it does not make very good grammatical sense in English

## Troubleshooting

> If you have failed Malware Scan on valid extension please [create a Support ticket](https://marketplacesupport.magento.com/hc/en-us) amd describe your use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the Malware Scan fails on a valid extension [create a Support ticket](https://marketplacesupport.magento.com/hc/en-us) and describe the use case.
```

> If you find any code at [Magento Marketplace](https://marketplace.magento.com/) that looks suspicious please contact as immediately at or [Support Portal](https://marketplacesupport.magento.com/hc/en-us).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If any code is found on the  [Magento Marketplace](https://marketplace.magento.com/) that looks suspicious contact Magento immediately on the [Support Portal](https://marketplacesupport.magento.com/hc/en-us).
```

> We also always glad for feedback and communication at [Magento Community Engineering Slack](https://magentocommeng.slack.com/archives/C7SL5CGDN) #marketplace channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Feedback and communication on the [Magento Community Engineering Slack](https://magentocommeng.slack.com/archives/C7SL5CGDN) #marketplace channel is always welcome.
```
